Fix: CMS guides for FastStore (#2783)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/vtex-io/Store-Framework-Apps/pixel-apps/vtex-tiktok-tbp.md

### Compatibility

> TikTok for Business is fully compatible with stores using [VTEX IO](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/4yB9wSl79cArd68aRBnBZ2) and partially compatible with stores using [Legacy CMS Portal](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/1oN446gRGcR2s70RvBCAmj) or [Headless CMS (legacy)](https://www.faststore.dev/docs/headless-cms-overview).

Author: ```suggestion
TikTok for Business is fully compatible with stores using [VTEX IO](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/4yB9wSl79cArd68aRBnBZ2) and partially compatible with stores using [Legacy CMS Portal](https://help.vtex.com/en/tracks/cms--2YcpgIljVaLVQYMzxQbc3z/1oN446gRGcR2s70RvBCAmj) or [Headless CMS (legacy)](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/headless-cms-overview).
```
